Well, Leroy, what do you see?
You, rubbing your hands together
like some old money grabber.
Less of the "old".
Anyway, rubbing your hands together
is a grocer's ancient
spiritual practice.
Spiritual?
Yes, it's the small shopkeeper's
form of yoga.
I learnt that from
the "ma-ma-ma" master.
You know, there are some experts
who can rub their way
to a transcendental state
of pure avarice.
Ooh!
- Don't you have to sit cross-legged?
- Mm?
Oh, yes, sometimes -
as long as you're not near
the bacon slicer.
HE SNIFFS
Wait for it, will you?
BELL CHIMES
Oh!
You're early, Mr Newbold.
Oh, you have to be,
if you want to get here on your own,
unaccompanied...
free.
- Heh!
How is Mrs Featherstone?
Relentless.
Oh, dear.
Yes, anyway, er, would you
excuse us for just a moment, sir?
Come here, you.
- Take your time, I'm enjoying
the lack of companionship.
- Yes.
Now, listen, what is your opinion
of Mrs Featherstone?
Frightening.
Mm, yes, agreed.
But don't you think that she'd make
a perfect partner for Mr Newbold?
Why do you care?
Well, because whenever
Mrs Featherstone
hasn't got a man in tow,
she looks hungrily at me.
Ah!
May I be the first to wish
you both every happiness?
Thank you.
Oh! Jeez.
Now, what can I
help you with, er, Mr Newbold?
I think I'm beyond help.
Oh, really?
We've got some nice kippers.
She doesn't like kippers.
- What about you?
- Oh, she likes me,
that's the problem.
You lucky devil.
I have seen men crawling across
that doorway on their hands and knees
broken in spirit
because she has rejected them.
I missed that. Must've been out.
Well, if one comes in again,
broken in spirit,
ask him how he managed it.
Now, Mr Newbold, don't be hasty,
I know that she no longer is
a professional wrestler...
What?
She no longer wrestles
professionally -
but she would keep you safe,
Mr Newbold.
A sound woman in so many ways.
Mostly in my way.
Yeah, well, she runs a neat ship -
housekeeper of the year 2004,
her place is spotless.
No wonder.
She's never in it -
she's always in mine.
Oh! Mr Newbold, kippers...
Your... I've got some very nice...
Damn.
"No longer wrestles professionally"?
Hmm? You get worse, you do.
Oh...
He got away.
BELL CHIMES
Delivery.
Where do you want it?
Oh, just drop it here.
CRASH
One item. Sign here.
Can we accept the possibility
that the contents might be damaged?
Why should they be damaged?
Guess.
- You want me to lift it?
- Mm.
With my back? A thing that size?!
HE LAUGHS
No.
- I shall sign it unexamined, hmm?
- Mm.
You don't walk like
you've got a bad back.
I fight through the pain, don't I?
Until it gets too much for me.
Agh...!
Hullo! What's this, then?
It's your lucky dip.
It's that mystery lot you bought,
sight unseen.
Guaranteed to contain items
worth more than I paid for it.
You know, that Madge...
she desperately need
the comfort of a man in her life.
Well, there's Gastric.
He could be a comfort in your life,
providing you've got
a tail you can wag.
- Mm.
I think Madge has got a tail...
and it's forked.
He's no experience with women.
He was married.
She left him on their honeymoon.
Not till midweek.
He's a warm-hearted,
decent human being -
internally.
The outside needs a bit of work.
Well, who else is
good-hearted enough -
or should I say, daft enough -
to tackle her?
I was thinking that I might organise
the four of us on a... on a date.
- You're not getting me out on a...!
- No, not you!
Not you and me.
- What...?!
- No!
I meant me and Mavis
and Gastric and Madge.
- Oh!
- Mm.
Madge'll never go for that.
But what if it were a blind date
and she wouldn't know
who were coming?
- Oh!
- Mm!
Now, that is sneaky.
Just one of the weapons
in a small shopkeeper's armoury.
HE CHUCKLES Eh?
Oh...
I've been up half the night with...
Gastric, you're just the man.
...an upset stomach.
I must've eaten something.
Eaten something?!
You eat everything.
Rubbish.
Oh, we have that for lunch.
Right, now...
I want you to blow in that,
blow it up and then pinch it
by the neck.
Could I ask what for?
Look, save your breath for blowing.
Just, er, blow it up - just do it.
- Ugh...
- Good. Right.
What's all this about?
Yeah, I was wondering that.
Ah, thank you.
Diagnosis.
We're going to find out what is wrong
with Gastric's digestive system.
With a balloon?
This is more than
a balloon now, ain't it?
It's got you inside it.
It's got all your molecules,
your DNA -
it can even tell what
you had for supper last night,
all we've got to do
is to listen to it.
Listen to what?
To you coming out of the balloon.
You don't want to be trapped
in there all day, do you?
Now, wait a minute...
Don't fight it, Gastric.
It's bigger than the both of us.
Look, just-just be quiet, will you?
Listen to what it tells us
about Gastric.
What can a balloon tell us about me?
Everything!
The ancient Egyptians,
they built their entire medical
knowledge on this sort of thing.
The ancient Egyptians had balloons?
Mainly for, er, birthdays
and stag nights.
No, they did not -
they had bladders of goats
and of camels, right?
Now, unless you want to wait
for a camel to come through here,
can we get on?
Go on, I'll give it a go.
Right, quiet please.
It takes concentration, this.
BALLOON SQUEAKS
HE MIMICS SQUEAKING
PFFFRT
You heard that?
Obvious, ain't it, eh?
You're lovesick.
- Lovesick?
- Mm-hm.
It's a stomach problem.
Yes, well, that's where the deepest
love lies, doesn't it?
Right down there
in the... in the belly.
I mean, who said that?
Probably William Shakespeare.
Or was it Mr Arnold Smethwick
of Wolverhampton?
Who am I supposed to
be in love with?
Well, it's obvious -
it was Madge, wasn't it?
Didn't you hear it?
Didn't you hear the balloon?
When it went like that,
it went, "Maaaaadge!"
I've sent Gastric home
to get his best suit on.
I want him looking sharp
for his date tonight.
You think Madge will turn up?
Oh, yes, Madge will turn up -
even if it's only just
to annoy me and Mavis.
Till she sees Gastric.
Supposing we hit her with
a more sophisticated, suave -
dare I say, elegant -
Gastric, eh? Mm...
Cos you know that ladies
like surprises, don't they?
I wouldn't dare.
Right, what have we got here?
The Pyongyang Cosmetic Company?
What the heck have you bought?
"North Korea's first venture
into the beauty industry."
"352 tubes of invisible lip salve
for chapped lips...
"in three flavours."
Yeah, well, that's good -
choice, choice, three...
what are the flavours?
"Peasant flags unfurling"...
Yes, yes, good.
"Death to capitalism"...
...and "the east is cerise".
Well, that's catchy.
HE CHUCKLES
Well, forget the flavours
and concentrate on the product, hey?
It's not winter.
Who gets chapped lips?
Well, we don't need to say that
they are FOR chapped lips, do we?
- For what, then?
- Mm...
We'll think of something.
Wait!
What do I need with bullets?
It's not a bullet.
It's a love charm from North Korea.
Who told you that twaddle?!
At the shop.
Listen, whatever your name is...
Call me Mick.
Take it back to North Korea.
Take it personally
and ask for a refund.
You've forgotten the magic,
haven't you?
That...
That thing we had.
I squeezed your boil.
If ever I got another one,
I swore I'd be back.
I've retired -
from nursing, from boils
and especially from dozy men.
Well, at least take the flowers.
What am I going to do
with the flowers?
Don't tempt me.
Yes.
It's coming.
The new image is coming.
GASTRIC CHUCKLES
Some way still to go.
Yes, yes... but, er, you know,
you're given top marks for trying.
The man is looking tastier, isn't he?
Gorgeous - even charismatic
wouldn't be going too far.
Oh, you think?
Tell him, Leroy.
Well, I think it's a good suit.
It must be - look how long
he's made it last.
Oh, they don't make 'em
like this any more.
No! Thank goodness, no.
Well, who's he when he's at home?
Remind me. How did you meet him?
I've told you -
he says I once squeezed his boil.
Oh, that's one boy-meets-girl story
that's never going to be
made into a film.
I can't think what's got into him.
It's called romance.
You're a big tulip, our Mavis.
It makes the world go round.
It's all right when you're 16,
but who wants a man
round your neck at our age?
And where's Mr Newbold been hiding,
then? Before you spotted him.
Just around the corner,
would you believe?
He was there, all alone,
and nobody said a word.
He still looks lonely.
I bet he's known tragedy
in his life.
If he hasn't, he soon will.
I shall be glad to get
out of this suit.
You'll be cooler
when the sun goes down.
I shall be cool enough
with that Madge.
She'd freeze anybody!
No, no, no, no -
the balloon, think of the balloon.
The balloon is never wrong.
Deep down inside you,
you want this woman.
You want to lift her up
and you want to carry her away.
It's the Tarzan thing.
"Carry her away"! Where to?
To where all lovers want to go -
to paradise,
to that little den that you have,
you know, tucked away for her.
I used to rent this static
caravan at Hornsea.
Do you want a choc ice?
Oh, I'd sooner have a cornet -
with a great big lickable lump.
We'll, that's you all over, ain't it,
Gastric?
Heh-heh-heh, hey?
You're a great big lickable lump.
HE CHUCKLES
That is the image that we want
to give to Madge, ain't it, eh?
Ohh!
There we go.
Oh-ho, ho!
Don't get it down your suit.
Oh, are you saying
I'm a messy eater?
Only when you're eating.
Because I want you
looking your best for Madge tonight.
- Well, I've given it all I've got.
- Yes. Hah!
Looks like your dog's
been giving it all he's got -
look at you,
you're covered in dog hairs, look.
Oh, that.
I'm always covered in dogs' hairs.
We have the solution -
we have the solution.
This little monster here
will soon sort you out.
You know, this is a combined
vacuum cleaner and hairdryer
which means it sucks
as well as it blows.
HE CHUCKLES
Right, so...
IT WHIRS
Ah! Here we go.
Oh!
Hey, hey, look at that!
That's working.
Hey, hey, hey...
SQUELCH Hey! Oh!
Oh, hey!
Have you seen
the power of this thing?!
Oh, heck.
I can't go on a date like this.
I'll have to cancel.
No, no, not so fast.
You can't cancel. No, er...
You'll wait until
you've had the benefit
of the, er... Arkwright washing
and pressing service.
How long we had one of those?
For years.
We just didn't realise
we had the equipment for it.
WATER GUSHES
Is Gastric in there?
- Yeah.
- Lock him in, lock him in.
'Oi, hey, oi!'
Well, that's it, see?
Gastric oughtn't to see
this professional bit.
You see, to the layman it might
look like we're mishandling his suit.
Yeah.
Yeah, I can see that.
Here you are -
c'mon, your turn. Keep it going.
That's it, go on.
Well, put your back into it, you...
Ha-hey, go on.
But we haven't got chapped lips.
They've not had that much
wear and tear.
No, but chapped lips in North Korean
is loosely translated as
"kiss me" lips.
Can you see blokes
wearing this stuff?
Giving it a quick touch up
when they pass a mirror?
They'll soon start getting
fidgety at the darts club.
No, no, no, it's invisible -
people don't know you're wearing it.
What are you saying it does,
exactly?
Or even roughly?
Listen, you've got to
open your minds.
I'm open-minded.
I like Chinese food.
I like to think
I'm free of any prejudice.
Except for people from Warrington...
which I think is understandable.
Mm, yeah.
This stuff was working its magic
before there even was a Warrington.
I'm inclined to like it already.
I don't know how it works,
but this powerful lotion
tends to draw people to your lips.
I wouldn't want to be wearing it
when I pass that bloke
at the Post Office.
Could we narrow it down a bit?
Yes - people of the opposite sex.
Oh, you're moving into my sphere
of interest, now.
This attracts people
that you're close to.
You apply it on your lips,
and as soon as you have,
your nearest and dearest
will start to pucker.
She'll go...
Give over!
Hey, get real.
Stop acting like a pair of
local yokels, you two.
There's a thousand years of
oriental magic behind this stuff.
They have some funny ideas,
it's true.
Well, as far as I can see,
it's the same idea as us -
they just go about it
in a funnier way.
You see, they were
skilled in the arts of love
when we were still
painting by numbers.
Aye, and some of us still are.
But that will change once your
partner finds that she can't resist.
I'll try one.
You must be barmy.
Ah, go on, then, make it two.
Ugh...
We'll never get it dry enough!
They managed in the old days.
Oh - and what about pressing?
That's been arranged.
You're doing it.
I only do a bit of ironing -
normal laundry.
Well, now's your chance to move up
to the next level, ain't it?
Does that come with more money?
You see, Leroy, you've got to
look at it this way -
one day all of this,
and that, will be yours.
So, by not giving you a raise
I am building up your nest egg.
So, technically, you could say
that I am working for you.
Oh!
All right, then -
but don't expect a raise.
Oh, no.
SHOUTING:
Is my suit ready yet?
No, no, no -
give us a chance, will you?
This is never going to get
the water out.
Well, we need more intelligent
use of what's available.
You know, I never did get
to finish that ice cream.
- Oh, go on - help yourself.
- Oh!
'What's the matter with them all?!
'Something's going on.'
I don't know what...
I passed Cyril in the street -
he looked like his lips
were going wild.
Well, now, that's funny,
because I've just seen Eric and he
was pushing his lips about.
I thought, "I hope you're not
aiming those at me."
- They look like they've been
sucking a lemon.
- Yes, but why?
And not the same lemon,
one would hope.
- There's some very strange things
going on in this neighbourhood.
- Mm!
Sharing a lemon...
not the sort of thing you should be
seen doing in the street.
Ladies, what is your pleasure?
Oh, well, thank you for asking,
Granville...
but I think
I'll do me shopping first.
Now, Granville, if Mr Newbold
comes in here on his own,
turn him round and send him home.
I can't do that!
Of course he can't do that.
I don't like him
spending unsupervised.
I promised his mother
I'd look after him.
You never knew his mother.
Well, I would've promised,
had we met.
BELL CHIMES
Oh, good day, ladies.
Sugar, Granville.
I'll get it, I know where it is.
SHE SCREAMS
Oh...
He wanted an ice cream.
Well, he looks cool enough to me.
Are you all right, love?
I hope you only got a brief glimpse.
Now, in situations like this,
I always think it's best
to look them straight in the eye.
I'm sorry for losing it,
but you don't see
many of those on your baking shelf.
You just caught him
between trousers.
I never touched him!
That was always my policy -
unless there was a medical reason.
Don't worry, he'll be fully clad
within the hour.
Oh, I'm pleased to hear it -
I was worried you might be
keeping him for display purposes.
I'm sure there'd be little demand
for what he were advertising.
Now...
Oh!
HE COUGHS
Ooh-ah!
Ah-ah...
Ooh, ha, ah-ah-ah-ah!
- Ooh!
- Ooh, ooh!
Agh!
How am I meant to press this?
Perfectly.
And get a move on -
I've got to keep Gastric away from
this suit until it is presentable.
He's going to be away a long time.
BELL CHIMES
Where's Gastric?
Er, we're keeping him in the privy.
Is that legal?
No, not forever -
it's just until his suit's ready,
he tends to excite the ladies.
It's not working with Madge.
She's still coming tonight, though?
Yes - to keep an eye on you and me.
Oh, right, well, it's a start.
I mean, you know, if she likes
going out in a foursome.
I wouldn't exactly say "likes",
but she thinks it's better than you
and me going off on our own.
Where does she get
these attitudes from?
She's not wanted for war crimes
anywhere, is she?
Nobody's perfect.
No.
Well, anyway, it's progress.
I thought she might
back out entirely
when she knew her date was Gastric.
Ah, well, yes -
did I actually tell her?
I intended to, but... I got busy -
you know how it is.
I like your eyes.
Oh, they're just eyes.
Not from this side.
THEY CHUCKLE
BELL CHIMES
Is it ready?
Tell me it's ready!
There's a lot riding on that suit.
Ta-da!
Oh, yes, What a good job.
Well, it's all in the wrist.
Any good presser will tell you that.
He'll be a right girlie magnet,
won't he, hey?
Clean, well-pressed, smart.
Got to be worth something -
even to Madge.
What time you going out?
When we close.
Be a couple of, er,
you know...
get-to-know-you drinks.
- Mm-hm.
Back to their place for a bit
of... late supper, and, um...
don't wait up.
SPINE CRACKS Oh...!
Mm...
Now, the question is,
do we feed Gastric before we go?
I'd hate to turn him loose
at Madge's if he's hungry.
Ey-up!
That North Korea, it's going
to be a big name in loving circles.
Save me a dozen.
Well, are you coming out, or what?
That's if you've got time to wait.
At that speed, he's not
your dashing lover, is he?
- I expect he's being careful
not to spoil his creases.
- Mm.
Oh... oh!
Agh...
Oh! Aah!
Oh...
Ngh...
You've ruined his suit.
Me?!
That's inferior material, that is.
It's got a grip
like a boa constrictor.
I think supper's off...
There's no room
for aught else in here.
Augh!
Nicely cleaned and pressed, though -
let's be fair.
Wait - sit down, if it's painful.
- There.
- Sitting down's not all that easy.
Oh... oh...
TROUSERS RIP Oh!
BOTH: Oh!
Oh!
'It's going to be a tricky suit
to get out of.
'I wonder if he'll have to
live in it forever.'
Did you enjoy wrestling?
You can forget that stuff
till I get a ring on this finger.
'Under the circumstances,
I think I'm going to have to forget
'that Gastric still owes me
for that ice cream.
' "Open at the other end."
'Hm!
'I should've stuck that
on Gastric's trousers.'